The given dataset carries images of Maps and their corresponding mask as part of the train and target dataset.
As there are images at the input end and output end the model structure is way different and complex compared to traditional image classification CNN.
The dataset carries over 1000 images for training along with the mask and because of that, I thought image augmentation can be skipped.
Also by looking at the image data, its quality looks good and image processing like sharpening and enhancing is skipped.
The images in the given dataset are having a variable size. To handle that resizing is applied. I have resized images to 256x256 because 
the average original size was more than 1000 Pixels(width and height) was too heavy for my computer.
The grayscaling operation is performed to reduce the number of channels in the data from 3 to 2 in order to reduce data size and required computation
power. (This can be increased for better model performance subject to availability of computation power)
The type of problem and the nature of data shows that the current problem type is Semantic segmentation problem, 
Where we have two possible classes for each pixel in the dataset. Keeping all these conditions in mind, I went with Unet model
of image segmentation.

The goal of semantic image segmentation is to label each pixel of an image with a corresponding class of what is being represented. 
Because we’re predicting for every pixel in the image, this task is commonly referred to as dense prediction.
Unet is well known image segmentation model for semantic image segmentation.



Possible parameters that can be tuned are listed below:

Number of filters:    The number of filters in the model architecture can be tuned for better performance.
Backbone Architecture: The current backbone structure can be updated to the latest architecture such as efficient net
Epochs:                The number of epochs can be increased to provide more learning to model. 
Batch Size:            The batch size also seems to have an effect on faster model convergence.(Can be experimented with larger batch size subject to availability of computing power)
         